= IP World Map

This tool can be used to visualize web access logfiles.
It performs geo-location resolution on the IPs (using api.hostip.info) and can generate:
* a fixed image
* an animated image
* a video

== Installation

Install [Gemcutter](http://gemcutter.org) then execute:
    sudo gem install ip-world-map

== Supported platforms

Tested with Ruby 1.8.7, 1.9.1 under *nix

== Examples

The script generates an animated gif with 640x480 and 25fps (default settings).
    ip-world-map /var/log/apache2/access.log*

== Usage

    ip-world-map [options] logfile1 [logfile2] ...

== Options

        --version                    Display the version
    -h, --help                       Display this help message
    -v, --verbose                    Verbose output
        --map-filename VALUE         The image to use as background
        --resolution VALUE           (eg.: 640x480)
        --fps VALUE                  Animation frames per second (eg.: 25)
        --fill-dot-color VALUE       (eg.: red, 'rgb(255,0,0)', '#FF0000')
        --fill-dot-scale VALUE       (eg.: 10.0)
        --fill-dot-opacity VALUE     range 0.0-1.0 (eg.: 0.0, 0.5, 1.0)
        --fill-dot-lifetime VALUE    (eg.: 15)
        --time-slot VALUE            real life time visualized per video frame (eg.: 10secs, 1min, 99hours, 1day)
        --output-format VALUE        image format (e.g.: gif, jpg, png) or video format (avi, mpg, mp4)
        --[no-]animate               generate an image or a video

== TODO

* Cache/parallelize IP geo-location lookups. ATTENTION: For many IPs generating an animation can take quite long at the moment due to the used webservice.

== Author

René Scheibe

== License

Copyright (C) 2010-2011 René Scheibe <rene.scheibe@gmail.com>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.

